http://www.sitepoint.com/virtual-environments-python-made-easy/
							

							PIP
It’s a package manager that is very useful when you want to distribute your project to others, as it allows the developer to install all the required packages with a 
requirements.txt file.

For example, a fellow developer can activate a virtual environment and then run the following command to install the dependencies of the project:
	pip install -r requirements.txt

To generate the dependencies file of your project, you run the following command.
	pip freeze > requirements.txt	

The pip tool can also be used to uninstall a package from your machine:
	pip uninstall some-package-name	

One can install pip system-wide with the default Python package manager:
 	sudo easy_install pip	

And then use pip to install virtualenv:
	sudo pip install virtualenv


								virtualenv
Virtualenv helps solve project dependency conflicts by creating isolated environments which can contain all the goodies Python programmers need to develop their projects.'

A virtual environment created using this tool includes a fresh copy of the Python binary itself as well as a copy of the entire Python standard library.

To create a virtual environment for your Python project, you type the command virtualenv followed by the name you want to give to the virtual environment like shown below.
	virtualenv virt1

It is very important to know that each time you want to use a created virtual environment, you need to activate it. The following command does this:
	source virt1/bin/activate	

Everything installed in the virt1 directory will not affect the global packages or the system wide installations, thus avoiding dependency conflicts.

If I now install the newest version of requests, the old one does not get uninstalled. The new one is installed in the virtual environment exclusively.
	pip -I install requests 	


							After the environment is created
Once the virtual environment gets activated, your terminal prompt changes to show the user in which directory they are working:
	(virt1)oltjano@baby:~/Desktop/myproject$

The following command will let you deactivate the virtual environment:
	deactivate			

You can use the which command to check the Python binary that is used in the current virtual environment.
	which python

If everything is working well, you should get something similar to the following output.
	/home/oltjano/Desktop/myproject/virt1/bin/python

If you deactivate and which again, you should get a different output.
	/usr/bin/python

This is because when working inside a virtual environment, the binary copy placed inside that environment is being used. The same applies to packages.

